"In our life, because we are activating and glorifying our innate and beautiful nature. Nothing but
gender. Beautiful nature of love, kindness, compassion. Bring more joy and happiness to ourself and
bring joy and happy peace to all living beings."
That is wonderful. What else is best in the world than this? Think carefully. It's not just making
straight men, the Buddha said, following, all this and that.
But think carefully. Put what you are teaching. Put the mind in your heart. You are not going to
let it. It's true or not.
What else we are doing? Since we are all mother, we have been together, that's what we are really
doing. According to our best capabilities, with the devotion and joy and love, that's what we would
like to bring peace, harmony, happiness to me, to all the living beings.
And I'd like to also remove the hindrance and obstacles. Obstacles, what blocking those which we
call, we like to release, remove. That's what we've been discussing. That's what the Buddha taught.
That's what we are really following as voice of the native masters. This is wonderful. There's
nothing what else is best in the life, more than that or even beyond the life, according to the
Buddha teaching.
So therefore, I always said, brand new peace, brand new. Why we have created darkness in our heart
and mind, spoiled time. We've been spoiled our time and now in our lives.
We carry with the force of the duality, ego and doubt and hesitation and skeptical. That we've been
being all the time.
According to the Buddha teaching, that's been a long time. From this ridiculous time, we carry that
. We have to say, "Now, enough is enough."
We have to use the American word for rhythms. "Enough is enough." That's really, I mean, it's not
just American statement or saying these things, truly.
And we like to be kind and nice and make so meaningful. We like to change in our status, bring the
sunshine in our heart. That's what we need.
Bring joy, peace, happiness. And then both each other. That's what love and kindness convey to all
living beings.
Not just a sub-centered mind or eye. That we've been doing for a long time.
Great Master Chantideva said in his teachings, "We've been doing that sub-centered mind for a sense
of vigorous time.
How much we could go far? How much we achieved? How much we've been successful?"
But on the other hand, look at the example of the Buddha. All those great body suppers, all the
sentient beings, they're put in front of all the living beings, then themselves.
And what they don't? They become full of joy, full of love, full of kindness, full of respect,
appreciation.
Don't the earth, don't the ground, not hovering in the sky, this and that, this and that things.
Read their actions, read their legacies, read their life stories. Those are great teachings. That
is both each other, love and kindness.
That also we try to activate ourselves. We bring this. I mean, what else the best and the beautiful
thing than that?
Again, think that. Think this. And of course, in samsara there are so many this and that thing.
Those are what's called six pleasures of the six senses.
Six senses. Truly there is that, those things. But how much they really give the pleasures?
Happiness, peace.
Ask, we've always had those things. I mean, we have all that. This is one of the beautiful richness
countries in the world.
We have some degree of those organs. And how much really will bring joy and peace, happiness and
kind of feel so good.
And many times we have to rely on the drugs. Not, and now what do we have? And then ended with
disasters.
Because they didn't eliminate it, they are in a heart, in a joy, in peace. Bodhicata and joy. That
is what the leg of that.
Otherwise, in the samsara level, they have the utmost supreme qualities of the six pleasure object
ors, of five pleasure objectors.
But yet, they didn't fulfilling quite. We see, we heard in the news, in the television. I'm talking
that all the time.
This, that. So this is something that what we're doing is so big. Therefore again, bring joy and
peace.
And it's just joy and happiness as arrogant levels. Joy and peace as humble and simple, simple and
with great confidence.
Great sub-contemptments. That is known as in Buddhism or any standard. Meaningful of lives. That is
meaningful lives.
To begin with this, then by dhyana teaching. Anybody who learn dokhi teaching. Reality level,
everything is enlightened.
In the three kaya states, only it is spoiled by dualities. Grasping, clinging.
Today we like to remove, release, liberate that duality, bring the way things are in the reality
level.
So therefore, we open the window, we open the like doors to alloy that realization.
Not just blocked and cobbled by eyes of grasping the duality or thick shield by this. We open that.
Therefore, we activate everything's purity status. It is not just a making statement again.
Truly, reality level, it is what it is. So, we like to open that door.
We don't like to leave that kind of dark corner in the deep of the duality icebox.
We like to remove. That is all that is known as practicing. Practitioners.
We are practicing goodness, not practicing of the ego, not practicing of the emotions.
We are really trying to change lives. We like to make a difference to ourselves. We like to make a
difference to the other beings.
That is true practitioners. What is the Buddha's teaching? True practitioners.
Again, we like to practice with humble, simple, don't to the ground. Not just say like, what is the
great master?
Not just say like practicing, rainbow, talking, deep service. We like to observe that in heart, let
that grow, shine.
That is what we really practice. So again, we activate all those beautiful qualities.
And that is really what this practice is. And I think there is nothing that is kind of like, one of
course, this is the Buddha teaching.
Buddhism teaching. But what is Buddha's teaching? Have you really think this?
We are talking of love. Is this Buddhism? Only Buddhism? We are talking of kindness.
We are talking about compassion. We are talking about how to remove, release, grasp the dualities.
Is this Buddhism? Nature is not dominated by this, today, that, today. Nature is free, open,
relaxed.
Only these levels are the dualities. We are fabricated. There is nothing. We are trying to put the
lasso on the sky.
That is what the great master Mohanarbuddhi says. We are trying to tie their sky.
But we cannot tie the sky, except we will tie us. Tied and bold, and it will reverse us.
Not the sky. This is what we are talking of, generally.
This, loving kindness, compassion, and joy, and peace, and happiness, respect, and appreciation.
Remove all the grasping, self-centered mind. This is Buddhism.
If you think carefully, it is nothing to do with the Buddha's teaching.
Buddha appointed how the way the nature is. That is what the Buddha said.
"I am the teacher." Buddha said, "I am the teacher. I am teaching. I am sure of the nature as it is
."
That is the greatest teacher the Buddha taught.
Buddha taught what he taught, and when he stands with that, he stands with what he said.
Humble, simple, and walking with bare feet, holding the arms above, carrying his own robes,
robes, and walking in the cities, villages, and picking up the food, along with the guru, students.
But that didn't act as his big kind of boss or big king.
Because he was a god, and kindness, and compassion, joy, and appreciation, every living being.
And the teaching said, what the teaching said, "Buddha loves all living beings as his own child."
Truly, this is what the Buddha said. "Love and compassion has no boundaries."
That is what it is. So therefore, we are trying to reactivate those beautiful qualities,
and that will make meaning for our lives. That means we will be happy, peaceful, joy in this life.
We will leave this world with joy and peace for happy,
and we'll leave good legacy and example to our family members, our friends, the neighbor whom we
associated.
That is known as meaningful lives. Truly, not with meaningful lives, making good things.
So, with those understanding, activate all those beautiful qualities,
and now you will be moved to the teaching of the great Master Kyaopara in Song 10.